intro


You are cordially invited to apply for the

h2(title). 2010 NORTHERN CALIFORNIA TOUR        

From June 18 to July 4, the New Old Time Chautauqua will travel to San Francisco, Point Reyes, Sebastopol, Willets, Ukiah, Redway and towns and communities in between.  The 50 plus members of our multi-generational troupe will present shows and workshops of music, juggling, magic, aerial, acrobatics and comedy.  The venues will vary in each place, and will include theaters, community centers and outdoor parks.

This year's Tour will be before the Oregon Country Fair and will end in Redway, CA (a bus or two will be continuing up to Eugene).  This is a general overview.  Many details are still being worked on. 







info



The New Old Time Chautauqua partners with local non-profit organizations; helping with fundraising and raising awareness for local organizations.  This tour will focus on sustainability, community building, youth education and homeless issues. In addition to theater shows, we will be doing lots of Community shows and workshops on an Indian Reservation, and in hospitals, nursing homes, etc.       

This journey is all volunteer.  On tour, Chautauqua will pay for food and transportation. We will travel by Chautauqua buses and a few cars. A truck will carry props, costumes and personal gear.  Meals will be prepared in an outdoor kitchen.  We will eat and camp together, and share all the Community Camp chores and tasks (like cooking, cleaning up, recycling, maintaining hygiene, etc). We'll be setting up three camps -- in Occidental, Hopland and Redway. 

The first weekend, we are honoring the wonderful Faith Petric--the Fort Knox of Folk Music, but more importantly Chautauqua's dear Crone. As many of you already know, after more than 25 years on the road, Faith has decided that the 2008 Aqua Chautauqua was her last tour with us.

On Saturday, June 19 Chautauqua will present a special show of some of Faith's old friends. Faith herself will grace the stage of the Cowell Theater in San Francisco.  Kamikaze Ground Crew, Tom Noddy, and Dusty Roadz and her Handsome Cowboys are among the many friends and fellow performers invited to contribute to this celebration.

On Sunday, June 20th, there will be a party with our guest of honor, Faith.  People that have been lucky enough to know and love Faith will have a chance to perform, sing, dance or read your love letters to her.         

We're a large group traveling in close proximity, and we’ll be doing a lot of different activities in a short amount of time. Most of the time, our little nomadic community solves problems and issues in creative and humorous ways. Occasionally, some challenges can become emotional-both in conflict as well as fellowship. It's important that you can handle and appreciate (and yes, even be amused by) group dynamics. We're not looking for a homogenous group -- we need diversity -- but flexibility is a must!      

Several members of our Chautauqua family, old and new, have expressed a desire to participate in what has been known in years past as pre-Chautauqua. This idea has now evolved further, as a way to strengthen our community and prepare for the tour. We have explored using this time as a pre-Chautauqua / retreat with rehearsal time, workshops on the past and future of our Chautauqua, and space for us all to think about and work towards creating a kind of social contract. 

The WHO-AM-US committee needs to know as much about you as you're willing to divulge. If you are new to Chautauqua, you may be asking yourself, "What the $?&()$#! is a Who-Am-Us committee?" Well, our task is to figure out what jobs are needed for a smooth, fun and interesting tour, and then match these jobs with people who can fill them. We also need a head-count for meal planning and to provide appropriate transportation.         

If you are interested in going on the 2010 Northern California Tour, please answer all the questions in this application. You can save and re-submit this application as many times as you want until March 20th, but only from this same computer. Let us know if you can only come for part of the tour.  If you know anyone whom you think should have an application, feel free to pass it on.

Submit this application by March 20 (but, the sooner the better…) You’ll hear from us by around April 15. 
     
Happy Trails,         
Who Am Us Committee      
  (360) 385-2212
Please visit our website, to find out more about us "chautauqua.org":http://www.chautauqua.org


The Tour is being planned by Joannie (SF), CiCi (Sonoma County), Jana (Ukiah and Willits), Kate (Redway) Anne and Harry (Pt. Reyes and Community Shows). 

The Who Am Us committee is Amiel, Anne, Daniel, Eben, Harry and Joannie.









schedule



June 18 (Friday)   --First day camp in Sebastopol

June 19  (Sat) San Francisco Show at Cowell Theater   (Fort Mason)

June 20 (Sun) Party for Faith

June 21 (Mon) Retreat--Pre-Chat

June 22 (Tue) Retreat--Pre-Chat--Community Show

June 23  (Wed) Show in Point Reyes

June 24 (Thur) Community Shows

June 25 (Fri) Ukiah Show 

June 26  (Sat) Sebastopol Show

June 28  (Sun) Willits Show

June 29  (Mon) Day off--Hot Springs

June 30  (Tue) Community Shows in Covelo (Indian Res)

July 1  (Wed) Community Shows

July 2 (Thur) Community Shows

July 3  (Fri) Redway Show at Mateel Center (date may change)

July 4 (Sat) Closing Circle  
